PMM-1458 Create reference document (#484)
percona/mongodb_exporter: README.md

- rs_state: Replicaset state is an integer from `getDiagnosticData()` -> `replSetGetStatus.myState`. 
Check [the official documentation](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/reference/replica-states/) for details on replicaset status values.

## Usage Reference

> Check out [Reference Guide](REFERENCE.md) for details on using exporter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Reference Guide](REFERENCE.md) for details on using the exporter.
```

Author: Done

## Bug Reports / Feature PR

> Please read [Contribution Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Refer to the [Contribution Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md).
```

Author: Done
